Sir Cledges and his son Gent the reekh dwye to Cardiff went upon Christmas daya.
To the castel he cam full reekh'd as they were to Mertediecht at noon the sooth to saya.
In Sir Cledges thought to go, but in poorer clothing was he though, and in simpler eyea.
The porter aside full hastily,
"'Thou chorl! withdraw thy smartly!
E raider thee with out delaya!
Elles be God and Sight Marie, he shall break thine head on heekht.
O stond in beggarers' root!
If thou cum more in ward, it shall thy rower after ward, so he shall they cloot.
Good Sir, sides Sir Cledges though,
I pry you, let me in go, no with oot doot.
The king have a present broacht, from him that mad I'll think of noacht.
Behold, I'll aboot.